fix(doc): remove outdated concepts MTA-2732 (#1259)
scaleway/docs-content: console/my-account/how-to/close-account.mdx

  
3. Click the **Deactivate Organization** button once you have read and agreed with the warning message.
    <Message type="note">

>       The **Deactivate Organization** button will only display if you are the [Owner](/console/my-account/concepts/#owner) of your [Organization](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#organization).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The **Deactivate Organization** button only displays if you are the [Owner](/console/my-account/concepts/#owner) of your [Organization](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#organization).
```
